[WIP] DVC: Add new page and for several sub commands (#4225)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dvc-freeze.md

# dvc freeze

> > Freeze stages in DVC pipeline.
> > This makes DVC to stop tracking changes in stage dependencies and re-execution untill unfreeze.
> > More information: <https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/freeze>.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Freeze stages in the DVC pipeline.
> This makes prevents DVC from tracking changes in stage dependencies and re-execution until unfreeze.
> See also `dvs unfreeze`.
> More information: <https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/freeze>.
```

> - Freeze given stage/s:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Freeze 1 or more specified stages:
```

> `dvc freeze {{stage_name/s}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
`dvc freeze {{stage_name_a}} [{{stage_name_b}} ...]`
```

> - Unfreeze given stage/s:

Reviewer: This belongs on the `dvc unfreeze` page. Let us remove this example.
